Avoid cloning the toolbar in TabbedForm (#7350)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/CreateEdit.md

## Submit On Enter

> By default, pressing `ENTER` in any of the form fields submits the form - this is the expected behavior in most cases. However, some of your custom input components (e.g. Google Maps widget) may have special handlers for the `ENTER` key. In that case, to disable the automated form submission on enter, set the `submitOnEnter` prop of the `SaveButton` component to `false`:

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is good advice. Custom inputs that have Enter key handlers should stop the event propagation. This would allow other inputs to still submit the form on Enter

## Submit On Enter

By default, pressing `ENTER` in any of the form inputs submits the form - this is the expected behavior in most cases. To disable the automated form submission on enter, set the `submitOnEnter` prop of the `SaveButton` component to `false`.

```jsx
const MyToolbar = props => (
    <Toolbar {...props}>
        <SaveButton submitOnEnter={false} />
        <DeleteButton />
    </Toolbar>
);

export const PostEdit = () => (
    <Edit>
        <SimpleForm toolbar={<MyToolbar/>}>
            ...
        </SimpleForm>
    </Edit>
);
```

> However, some of your custom input components (e.g. Google Maps widget) may have special handlers for the `ENTER` key. In that case, you should stop the event  on those inputs. This would allow other inputs to still submit the form on Enter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some of your custom input components (e.g. Google Maps widget) may have special handlers for the `ENTER` key. In that case, you should prevent the default handling of the event on those inputs. This would allow other inputs to still submit the form on Enter:
```
